{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 In the fall, I enrolled in the Edx course at Harvard called CS50 (introduction to computer science).  Having spent my professional life to date as a violinist, composer and small business owner, I did not expect to either like or enjoy the course but much to my amazement, I loved it.  My initial interests were in pivoting careers into the field of graphic design in order to retain a heavy \'93artistic\'94 component to my professional life.  But after the experience of beginning to code in C, I realized that I have a great fascination with what\'92s going on under the hood.  I don\'92t just want to make it look pretty\'85 I want to make it do things.  As a small business owner, I have both benefited from and banged my head against walls for lack of savvy technology to meet my needs.  Countless times I have wished that I had the skills to create something the way I wanted it to be on the web\'97because these days it is critically important in business, the arts and most every other genre to be able to represent oneself impressively online.  For quite some time I\'92ve been enamored with companies like Apple and AirBnb who fuse beautiful design with amazing functionality.\
\
I am here in this class because I am determined to become a developer and while there are lots of good online resources, I wanted to begin to connect with people in the industry, to see what the collaborative side of life in the developer world is like and to have the accountability of a formal program.  I have no illusion that I\'92ll leave this first class with all of the tools necessary but I am hoping to be on that journey by beginning a portfolio of work that will hopefully open doors for future educational opportunities be they internships, further schooling or strong professional connections.\
\
Concerns about learning html:\
\
I\'92ve never written in html, css or javaScript so I have nowhere to go but up!  It\'92s a steep learning curve but I\'92m very interested in the subject so I plan to enjoy the journey.  The biggest challenge will likely be just carving out the time to thoroughly and properly internalize everything.  I tend to be a real hands on type of learner which can be time consuming.  \
\
}